README.md, before:

# Murrit - A Reddit Clone

Capstone JavaScript project from [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/javascript/lessons/final-project).

*"Replicate your favorite website as close as possible - Pinterest, Facebook, Twitter, etc. Just make sure it has lots of interesting functionality. You’ll be integrating a full array of skills into this one. If you have completed a backend course, you may use that for this project, otherwise use Firebase. This should prove that you now have all the tools and knowledge needed to build a website, just like the ones you use every day."*

## Technologies
- [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org/)
  - [Styled Components](https://styled-components.com/)
  - [React Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro/)
- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/)
  - Authentication
  - Cloud Firestore
  - Cloud Storage
  - Hosting

## Features
- User accounts
- Posting, commenting and voting on other user's posts
- Data pagination with infinite scrolling
- 

## Installation Instructions

Pending.

## Status

In progress. View my progress on [Firebase](https://murrit-ec42e.web.app).

Commit message:

Implement paginated data with infinite scrolling for User.js

README.md, after:

# Murrit - A Reddit Clone

Capstone JavaScript project from [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/javascript/lessons/final-project).

*"Replicate your favorite website as close as possible - Pinterest, Facebook, Twitter, etc. Just make sure it has lots of interesting functionality. You’ll be integrating a full array of skills into this one. If you have completed a backend course, you may use that for this project, otherwise use Firebase. This should prove that you now have all the tools and knowledge needed to build a website, just like the ones you use every day."*

## Core Technologies
- [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org/)
  - [Styled Components](https://styled-components.com/)
  - [React Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro/)
  - [React Router DOM](https://reactrouter.com/)
- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/)
  - Authentication
  - Cloud Firestore
  - Cloud Storage
  - Hosting

## Features
- User accounts
- Text posts with markdown
- Image posts facilitated with Drag and Drop and File APIs
- Data pagination with infinite scrolling
- Board creation by users
- New/Highest vote count sorting

## Installation Instructions

Pending.

## Status

In progress. View my progress on [Firebase](https://murrit-ec42e.web.app).
